OCPBUGS-26433: Fix details for ansible components installation. (#7894)
openshift/installer: docs/user/openstack/install_upi.md

## Install Ansible

> This repository contains [Ansible playbooks][ansible-upi] to deploy OpenShift on
> OpenStack. To accomplish that you'll need `jq` tool, otherwise you'll need to
> download playbooks manually from mentioned repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide Ansible playbooks to deploy OpenShift on OpenStack. Download the Ansible playbooks [from Github][ansible-upi] or use `jq` to download them programmatically.
```

They can be downloaded from Github with this script:

```sh
RELEASE="release-4.15"; curl -L https://api.github.com/repos/openshift/installer/contents/upi/openstack?ref=$RELEASE | \
    jq -r '.[]|select(.download_url | endswith("yaml")).download_url'| \
    xargs -n 1 curl -O
```

> For installing a different [version](version), change the branch (`release-4.15`)

Author: aww

python3 -m pip install yq openstackclient openstacksdk netaddr
```

Make sure, that none of copied playbooks contains an alias for ansible

> utility filters:

Author: We need to replace `ansible.utils.` prefix for filters on all playbooks, as RHEL8 still have Ansible 2.9, so that all the filters are already there - no need for installing ansible.utils collection from ansible galaxy.

```sh
for playbook in *.yaml; do
    sed -i -e 's/ansible.utils.//g' $playbook
done
```

### Fedora

This command installs all required dependencies on Fedora:

```sh
sudo dnf install python3-openstackclient python3-netaddr ansible-collections-openstack ansible-collection-ansible-utils
```

[ansible-upi]: ../../../upi/openstack "Ansible Playbooks for Openstack UPI"

## Ansible Collections

> Alternatively you could use ansible-galaxy to install required collections,

Reviewer: I'm a bit lost here. Alternatively to what? The title starts with two `##`; the previous title with the same indentation is `## Install Ansible`.

Is this paragraph an alternative to what's recommended for `### Fedora`?

Author: I'll remove whole ansible-galaxy section as it is confusing, and might do more harm than good in current state.

although note, there might be incompatibilities as for example starting from
`openstack.cloud-2.x.x` release will require `openstacksdk` with version at
least 1.0.0. Ignoring that will eventually make some playbooks will fail later
on.

```sh
ansible-galaxy collection install openstack.cloud ansible.utils community.general
```

> You might want to pin version of `opestack.cloud` prior to version 2.x.x with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might want to pin version of `openstack.cloud` prior to version 2.x.x with
```

`openstack.cloud:<2.0.0`, although this path is untested. Installing collections
using ansible-galaxy is meant for controlled environments like Python

> virtualenv.

Reviewer: I am a bit confused by this part. Can you please make it clear what is required, and what is supported?
